Project Report: EventHub
1. Overview
EventHub is a modern, full-featured event management and RSVP platform that enables organizers to create and manage events and offers attendees a seamless experience to discover, RSVP, and stay updated in real time. Leveraging a combination of Convex, React, and TailwindCSS, it delivers a responsive, real-time UI tailored to both organizers and attendees.


2. Core Features
For Event Organizers:
Dashboard showcasing event statistics and quick overviews.
Event Management: Full CRUD capabilities for creating, editing, viewing, and deleting events.
RSVP Management: Easy tracking of attendee responses ("Yes", "No", "Maybe").
Real-Time Notifications when RSVPs are submitted.
Profile Management to update organizer details.

For Attendees:
Event Discovery with search, filtering by category and location.
RSVP Functionality with response options and optional notes.
Personalized "My Events" View to monitor and track RSVPs.
Profile Management to save interests and preferences.


3. Technical Highlights
Reactive, Real-Time Database powered by Convex for immediate UI updates.
Full-Text Search capabilities to enhance event discovery.
Role-Based Access Control differentiating Organizer and Attendee functionalities.
TailwindCSS for building a responsive, modern UI with smooth transitions and polished UX.
Authentication handled via Convex Auth.
Notifications System for real-time updates on RSVPs and events.


4. Tech Stack Summary
Frontend: React, TailwindCSS
Backend / DB: Convex (reactive database + authentication)
UX/UI: Responsive design, smooth transitions, loading states
Infrastructure: Standard JavaScript/TypeScript tooling via Vite


5. Setup & Usage Guide

Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/eventhub.git  
cd eventhub

Install dependencies:
npm install

Set up environment variables:
Create a .env file in the project root.
Launch the development server:
npm run dev

Open your browser at http://localhost:3000 and start:
Organizers: sign up, set up profile, create/manage events and view RSVPs
Attendees: register, browse events, RSVP, track attended events


6. Conclusion
EventHub stands out as an elegant, real-time event management platform built with modern technologies. The use of Convex empowers reactive updates and authentication, while React and TailwindCSS deliver a seamless and responsive user interface. By serving both organizers and attendees efficiently, the application embodies a clean and engaging solution to event creation, discovery, and RSVP management.
